# Order

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**order_number** | **string** | The Advantage order number. | [optional] 
**status** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\CombinedOrderStatus**](CombinedOrderStatus.md) | The overall order status | [optional] 
**bill_to** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\CustomerAddressSummary**](CustomerAddressSummary.md) | The customer being billed for the order. | [optional] 
**ship_to** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\CustomerAddressSummary**](CustomerAddressSummary.md) | The customer to which the order is being shipped. | [optional] 
**amounts** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\OrderAmounts**](OrderAmounts.md) | Pricing information | [optional] 
**shipping_info** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\OrderShippingInfo**](OrderShippingInfo.md) | Shipping information | [optional] 
**billing_organization_code** | **string** | The organization being billed. | [optional] 
**order_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date the order is being placed. | [optional] 
**order_type** | **string** | The order type. | [optional] 
**purchase_order_number** | **string** | The purchase order number given by the customer.   Customers and sales types can be setup to require this item. | [optional] 
**promotion_code** | **string** | The promotion code for the promotion the order was placed under. | [optional] 
**sales_rep_code** | **string** | The code identifying the sales representative receiving credit for the order. | [optional] 
**web_bill_me_allowed** | **string** | Are bill-me orders allowed? | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **string** | The currency code for the order. | [optional] 
**docket_number** | **string** | The audit tracking number assigned to incoming documents. | [optional] 
**order_source_code** | **string** | Order source, indicating how the order came in. | [optional] 
**gratis_reason_code** | **string** | The gratis reason code, indicating why you are entering a gratis order for this customer. | [optional] 
**warehouse_code** | **string** | The warehouse items will be shipped from for the current order. | [optional] 
**backorder_flag** | **string** | Are items are allowed to be back-ordered for the current order? | [optional] 
**refund_flag** | **string** | Indicates whether overpayments should be refunded to the customer. | [optional] 
**control_group_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The control group date | [optional] 
**control_group_id** | **string** | The control group ID. | [optional] 
**credit_reason_code** | **string** | The credit creason code, indicates why you are entering a credtit memo for this order | [optional] 
**is_backorder_fill** | **bool** | Is this a backorder-fill order? A backorder-fill order  is an order that was generated by Advantage to send back-ordered items that a  customer ordered as part of a previous order. | [optional] 
**is_on_approval** | **bool** | Is the order on approval? | [optional] 
**is_phone_order** | **bool** | Is this a phone order? | [optional] 
**is_premium_fill** | **bool** | Is this a premium-fill order?  A premium-fill order  is an order that was generated by Advantage to send premiums that a  customer earned based on another order, a payment, etc. | [optional] 
**purchase_order_expire_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The expiration date of the purchase order. | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **string** | A Profile Identifier Is A System-Generated Number To Uniquely Identify A Set Of Answers To Questionnaire(s). | [optional] 
**proforma_order_number** | **string** | The originating proforma order number for current order. | [optional] 
**questionnaire_code** | **string** | The questionnaire name, identifying a particular extended demographics questionnaire. | [optional] 
**entry_organization_code** | **string** | The organization responsible for recording the transaction. | [optional] 
**apply_to_order_number** | **string** | The original order number for a credit transaction. | [optional] 
**referred_by_customer_number** | **string** | The customer number of the reference customer. | [optional] 
**premium_set_code** | **string** | The first premium set for the order. | [optional] 
**invoice_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date on the invoice for the order. | [optional] 
**lines** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\OrderLine[]**](OrderLine.md) | The order lines of the order. | [optional] 
**payments** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\OrderPayment[]**](OrderPayment.md) | The payments applied to the order. | [optional] 
**installment_billing** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\OrderInstallmentBilling**](OrderInstallmentBilling.md) | Information pertaining to billing in installments. | [optional] 
**default_payment_id** | **string** | The default payment method. (An Advantage electronic payment identifier). | [optional] 
**demographics** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\DemographicValue[]**](DemographicValue.md) | Demographic field values for the order | [optional] 
**associated_orders** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\AssociatedOrder[]**](AssociatedOrder.md) | Associated order numbers | [optional] 
**applied_gift_certificates** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\AppliedGiftCertificate[]**](AppliedGiftCertificate.md) | The gift certificates that have been applied to this order | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


